---
layout: post
title: "End-Of-Winter Update (#13)"
author: "Aerodos12"
categories: changelogs
tags: [changelogs]
update_type: "changelog"

---

# Changelog 0.8.3

## Added
- New UI feature: Mobile weapon category
- New Item: MPL [Walther]
- Added sounds to adjustable sights & stocks.
- Added back sheathing for the first time in 4 years.
- Added Ambience to the game.
- New Tank: RSV-95 MBT
- New mechanic: Switching Seats
- Added MP5SFA2 and MP5SFA3 PCCs
- New Mechanic: Radio Calls
- New Attachment: Generic Vertical Foregrip
- New Attachment: Generic Stubby Foregrip
- New Item: NR-43
- New Item: Remington Model 1893
- New Attachment: MP5 Rail Handguard
- New Map: Fort Vulcan II
- New Item: L85A2

## Changed

- Allowed fire modes to persist on all weapons.
- Weapon Handling (hands) is now determined alogrithmically.
- Optional Bolt Releases now work
- La Petite Carentan is now available on Mobile
- Tapping the team instead of swiping it chooses that team.
- Upgraded the mobile version of the game
- Fixed bullet drop on 12 Gauge shells
- Changed HK33A2 and HK33A3 to SEF (Sicher-Einzelfeuer-Feuerstoß)
- The Extras Menu now uses the same technology as the Orders Palette.
- Reduced vertical recoil on the UMP-45
- New Effects on various weapons
- B&T 9mm Suppressor can now be used on every MP5 (except the SD variants).
- F2000 and F2000S now uses the M16 STANAG mag instead of the old one.
- G36C can now take the PMII Scopes
- FX-05 can now take M16 STANAG mags
- EoTech XPS2 got a makeover.
- G36 rifles and carbine can now take a full furniture
- MP5 can now take an EoTech with the help of a rail adapter
- Water now has impact effects.

## Fixed

- Fixed the outfits in the Unit System (Climate-based)
- Fixed the deploy screen for Mobile devices
- Fixed the incompleteness of the G36 Tan Furniture


## Removed

- Safehouse is no longer available (Lifeline only) on Mobile.
