---
layout: post
title: "April Update Changelog (#14)"
author: "Aerodos12"
categories: changelogs
tags: [changelogs]
update_type: "changelog"

---

# Changelog 0.8.4

## Added
- New Item: Mk. 23 P3
- New Item: MPK [Walther]
- New Furniture: SA80: Green
- Reinstated Python Barrel Attachments
- New Furniture: Python Blue
- New Item: M1A1 PCC
- New Furniture: SA80 Tan
- New Item: L22A2
- New Item: MP-40
- New Item: HK32A3
- Added Translations for the Attachment Modules
- Added Translations for the Achievement Descriptions
- Added Translations for the Progession System
- New Mechanic: Characters scream when burned
- New Mechanic: Footsteps and foot particles
- New Item: Trench Whistle
- New Item: M16A1
- New Item: M14
- New Item M1A Garand
- Reintroduced Swimming
- New Furniture for Colt M16A1
- Introduced the concept of flash suppresssion
- New Item: Annihilator Thompson
- New Item: RP-87
- New Item: GSG MP-40
- Added more translations for the game menu.
- Added Translations for the Tooltips and menu items in the Main Menu.
- New Item: Gebalte Ladung
- New Grenade Type: HEAT Grenades
- New Map: The Lucas Line
- New Vehicle the Ellafi RHIB
- Rodskan Sea added to Classic

## Changed
- ADS got an overhaul
- Upgraded Smithery
- Barrel length determines bullet performance.
- Overhauled the campaign framework a bit.
- Finalized L85A2
- Unit System got overhauled
- Game Menu Buttons now make sound when clicked.
- Players are now fully rewarded when gettng kills using explosives.
- Certain attachments now require QPs to unlock and use.
- Updated Climbing sounds for climbing ladders.
- Slightly Ovewrhauled lightning.

## Fixed
- Fixed a bug with respawning in Classic
- Fixed the unnecessary modes problem in Smithery
- Repaired the position of the hands when holding the Python.
- Fixed issues with grenades and AI
- Fixed the water hit effects
- Fixed a problem with Suppressors and Lasers/Laser Lights.

## Removed

