---
layout: post
title: "Roots Block I Changelog (#18)"
author: "Aerodos12"
categories: changelogs
tags: [changelogs]
update_type: "changelog"
---

## Added

- Sunrays are now compsated for in-game
- Added keybind translations for ground vehicles.
- New Weapon Category: The Rifle-Caliber Pistol (RCP)
- Reinstated the FAL
- New Item: FAL-G
- Fragments can now be destroyed by small arms fire.
- Added translations for Core Keybinds
- Added 5 more tips
- New Item: NHG-39
- Added Translations for the ammo counter (HUD)
- New Item: AN-M8
- Added Translations for animation-related keybinds
- Added tips for the Shotgun reloading
- Shotguns are now cancellable when reloading
- New Item: AWP
- New Item: T68
- Added new tips and thumbnails for the Alpha 
- Added new ways of translating the labels in RW's menu.
- Added new tranlsations for attributes.
- Added new translations for the building keybinds.
- New Item: HK416
- New Map: Emerald Forest [Winter]

## Changed

- Optimized animations (Roblox only)
- attachment positions now save for the player.
- player now tilts when moving side-to-side.
- XM8CC is now an RCP
- MP5K is now a machine pistol
- PXP-10 is now a machine pistol
- HK51K is now an RCP
- HK52K is now an RCP
- HK53K is now an RCP
- Improved Hunter's Valley
- Completed most work on the PANAV
- Reintroduced the forest to Hunter's Valley
- Hunter's Valley hills are now grass.
- Changed colors to M18 Smoke Grenade
- Added ground patches to fix issues with grass in houses.
- Bolt Springs now work in the M4A1, C7A2 and C8A2.
- Certain USPs can now take the Trijicon RMR Type 2.
- Fire Modes have been updated to properly reflect most weapons.
- Upgraded VelocityParts system to a PhysicsSubsystem
- "Breathed life" into the Customization Character
- Upgraded blood system.
- MP5 balancing changes.
- Disposable Launchers are now disposed of properly in combat.
- Improved the look and feel of the LPC map.
- Improved weapon handling while ADS

## Fixed

- Fixed an issue with attachment customization.
- Fixed some sight issues with the M4 Super 90
- Patched an annoying issue with burning screams.
- Patched an issue with grenade colors on the M18 and others
- Patched multiple issues of the M4 Super 90.
- Fixed issues with the unlockable screen on Consoles.
- Fixed issue with the ballistics of the MP-10
- Fixed the 4-year long issue of launcher rockets not exploding on contact with humanoids.
- Fixed a positioning issue in Ultima Expanse
- Fixed issues with the scouting report
- Fixed the lights in Ultima Expanse
- Revamped the MVP mechanic
- Fixed Crouch walking
- Fixed issues with various scope on G36 and SL8 rifles
- Fixed an animation issue with the G3 bolt.
- Fixed issues with tanks
- Fixed the years-long issue of spawns reappearing on the  spawn menu
- Fixed issues with attachment positions not being saved.

## Removed

- Replaced the old tress of the Crossroads
- SKW62K replaced by the PW56K
- Replaced The Great Strategy 2 with RW's new main theme.
