---
layout: post
title: "End of Summer Update Changelog (#17)"
author: "Aerodos12"
categories: changelogs
tags: [changelogs]
update_type: "changelog"

---

## Added
- New Attachment Slot: Assist
- New Attachment: M16A1 Teardrop Forward Assist
- New Item: M16A2
- New Attachment: M16A1 Handguard
- New Attachment: M16A2 Handguard
- Players can now clear the current slot (tier) of their selected weapon.
- Added special thanks screen to the main menu.
- Added new tips
- New attachment: HK33 Vented Handguard
- New Item: M16A3
- New Attachment: M4A1 A2 Handgaurd
- New Attachment: M4A1 Teardrop forward assist
- New Attachment Slot: Slings
- Added wind gusts
- Added new variants of the ACOG TA02
- New Team Scheme: HSI Team Scheme (Fort Vulcan II)
- New Faction: Rodskan Syndicate
- Added 3 new semi-auto AR-15 rifles
- New Attachment: KAC 300m Sight
- Added newer tips about aiming
- New Item: C7A2
- New Attachment: Monstrum Tactical Quad Rail
- New Item: C8A2
- Added faction indicators to faction themes
- Added Music Title text to show players which song is playing.
- Added Attachment Tooltips
- Added Deep Attachment Customization
- New Attachment: Ultradot PAN-AV
- Added 3 new tips
- Added translations for Keybinds

## Changed

- Upgraded the M16A4
- Upgraded the M16A1
- Upgraded the Colt 601
- Upgraded the C-More Slide Ride
- M16A1 and Colt 601 can now take the C-More RS through the Gooseneck Mount
- Final Crossroads map reinstated.
- Made some tweaks to the G36C
- Upgraded the remaining PM-II scopes
- M16A4 and M4A1 can now take the PM-II Scopes
- Upgraded the Sight-Rail Adjustment screen
- Upgraded the ACOG TA02
- Added the ACOG variants to some weapons as an attachment option.
- Upgraded the sound design of the G3
- Added distant sounds to flashbangs
- Reinstated the Launcher slot's backblast
- P86 got new uniforms
- Upgraded the EoTech holosight
- Upgraded various tracks in the RW Map Albums.
- Replaced old music with remastered versions.
- Upgraded Helicopter System

## Fixed
- Fixed an issue with the G36 charging handle being incorrect
- Fixed issues with attachments when equiping a weapon
- Fixed an issue with the Support Infantry unit.
- Fixed an issue with ammo when inspecting your weapon.
- Fixed issues with the main menu's loading bar
- Got the side buttons in the weapon customization menu working on Xbox.
- Fixed issues with textured camos when using scopes.
- Eliminated field of view glitch for mounted vehicles.
- Got the P90 working for AI
- Repaired path recalculation for tanks.
- Patched some issues with the RSV-95 MBT
- Resized the C79 to properly fit the C7A2 rifle.
- Fixed an issue with default attachments overriding chosen ones.
- Made the passenger seats for helicopters functional


## Removed
- Removed the PMI-II P3 Scope
- Removed the ACOG from some weapons due to technical issues [TEMP]