---
layout: post
title: "January Update 2023 Changelog (#12)"
author: "Aerodos12"
categories: changelogs
tags: [changelogs]
update_type: "changelog"

---


# Changelog 0.8.2

## Added
- New feature: sounds play when selecting and activating buttons on Xbox in the main menu.
- New UI: Gamepad mode indicator
- 7 new camos for the FX-05 (Green, Tan, Black, 3 digital-pattern camos, and 1 SEDENA camo)
- New Item: PSG1A1 Sniper Rifle
- New Mag: M1928 20 Round Box Magazine
- M1A1 reinstated
- M1928A1 is now the M1921
- M1921 reinstated.
- New Item: Panzerfaust 3IT-600
- New French Translations of weapon categories and units added.
- New feature: Overheat particles
- Added Two new thumbnails to the loading screen
- AI can now capture flags again.
- New Map: Ultima Expanse
- New Item: Type 30 Bayonet
- New Item: Ammo Box - MP5
- New Item: Ammo Box - M16A4
- New Main Menu Feature: Map Selection
- New Attachment: the Kevdro PDA
- Updated Spanish Translations

## Changed
- Revamped M16A4
- Weapons caches can now supply an M16A4
- Weapons caches can now be used 15 studs from the center of itself.
- Skipping loading is now available on Xbox One
- DB shottys can now be shot in both barrels on Xbox One
- Perfected context actions (i.e. Pushing a forward assist, Ghost loading, etc.)
- HK 512 can now only use buckshot due to a possible malfunction found in real life
- HK21's barrel now overheats
- Build and Defend is now Flag Defense
- Changed  spawn locations for most factions in Crossroads
- Staffel spawns move in Fort Celsius
- Fort Celsius was adapted for Flag Defense.
- Rodskan Sea reinstated due to gameplay changes stabilizing the flow of the map.
- Type 30 Bayonet was upgraded
- Unlocks menu can now take color parameters for the Unlockable Items UIs.
- Upgraded Smithery
- Default layout for players in Lifeline is now within a certain size (and random) 
- Rodskan Sea spawns changed for better gameplay when in Boarding Party.

## Removed
- Helicopter Boss fights no longer occur on Crossroads.

## Fixed
- Fixed an issue with GLs and AimParts on certain weapons.
- Fixed an issue with Squad Leaders in the Nemesis Hunt variant.
- Fixed the weapons caches
- Fixed the swapped mode buttons in the main menu.
- Fixed a glaring issue regard the M74 TPA Rocket (for the XM191 and FLD-91 launchers).
- Fixed issues with aim on Xbox One
- Fixed mag and attachment issues on Xbox One (loadout screen)
- Fixed issues with the keybind GUI on Xbox One
- Fixed the rockets of disposable lauunchers not appearing
- Fix an issue with the HK31 Ammo box being a starter and an unlock.
- Repaired the Wrench's QP Image
- Repaired the Medpack's QP Image
- Repaired the QP Images of two ammo boxes (both starters)
- Repaired the Fuel Can's  QP Image
- Patched the Outfit system (RST, Alpine)
- Fixed the battleship not appearing in Rodskan Sea after the second round starts.
- Fixed faces not showing statuses.
- Fixed issue with AI not combatting their enemies
