# Changelog 0.8.8

After nearly 10 whole months, the Block III update is complete. Here's what's been done:

## Added

- Reinstated the SCAR-L
- New Attachment: AK-104 Underfolder
- New Weapon: AG-C
- New Feature: Coax MGs (Tanks)
- Reinstated the M1891/30
- New Attachment Slot: Bolts/Charging Handles
- New Attachment: Mosin Sniper Bolt
- New Item: FAL 50.61
- New Item: SCAR-16S
- Reinstated the SCAR HAMR
- New Item: MSG90A1
- New Item: MSG3
- New Vehicle: SR LD-1 (Rodskan FoxDart IFV)
- Introduced the Sword Bayonet.
- Reinstated "Aim Face"
- New Weapon: M1938 Carbine
- Reinstated the SCAR-H
- New Weapon: SCAR-17S
- Added new oil painting thumbnails.
- Reinstated the L86A2 LSW
- New Item: STG-58
- Reinstated the SCAR SSR
- New Item: SCAR-H PR
- Reinstated the Dragunov as the Dragunov SVD
- New War Trophy: TT-5A
- New Item: APC223
- New Item: APC556
- New Mag: P-Mag
- Created the AG-C attachment
- New Map: Highway Seven
- New Item: M79
- New Map: The Crossroads [Winter]
- Added new inspect anims to the USP family of guns.

## Changed

- Attachments screen now displays default optic as the default for all attachments (title)
- Overhauled crawling animations
- Overhaul multiple UI elements.
- HK33 mags use rock-ins
- M14 now uses rock-in
- Replaced old thumbnails (most)
- Stat Cards now reflect major changes to units from Block I
- Revamped M305A reload
- Certain tanks must now reload to operate
- Lucas Line now has prone spawns
- Launchers can now take optics
- 8mm Nambu damage reduced to 20 min, 30 max.
- Reworked the 7.62x54mmR cartridge
- AI Medics now follow the squad leader unless they have orders.
- L85A2 can now accept Picatinny Attachments.
- Updated Crossroads' Lifeline Spawns.
- G3A3 can now accept HK11 Drum mags
- Changes made to accurately the MSG90, MSG90A1 and MSG3
- Grenade velocity loss can be adjusted.
- Grenades used by the currently picked faction are now selected instead of just the first entry.
- AI can now use 40mm grenades
- added a handguard to the AG-36 for accuracy.
- Left Arm now adjusts when using another aperture.
- Starting QPs increased to 2.
- Squad Layouts now require a certain level to use.
- Revamped the Crossroads Residential Sector.
- Corrected Scouting report color scheme
- Only relevant attachment tiers are now shown.
- Overhauled the RW Lobby.
- Overhauled the Create menu in the Server Browser.
- Flashbangs now emphasize loss of hearing over loss of sight.
- Updated Weapons' Cache for use only with Infantry.
- Weapons are now only chosen from the team if they are unlocked. 
- Reworked the C79 optical sight
- Remodeled the Attachments Table
- Updated the Classic Mode loading screen

## Fixed

- Fixed issue with Hunter's Valley in Standard 2
- Fixed issues with most rocket launchers
- Fixed the issue with optical attachments on weapons such as the G36 and MG36.
- Fixed issues with the PANAV adjustment animations
- Fixed issues with stocks.
- Fixed Steering issues with Tanks
- Fixed the Objective-based Scoreboard UI in the game when changed.
- Fixed an issue with the Grenade Counter.
- Fixed some inaccuracies with the HK416
- Repaired Pillbox Raid
- Fixed wind issues with rain.
- Fixed issues with helipads on Oil Rig Arena
- Fixed issues with the AI warships
- Fixed the HK416's lag issues
- Fixed CTF in Standard 2.
- Fixed the Bombard order
- Fixed AI Reloading
- Fixed Barrel Issues on the HK21, HK22 and HK23
- Fixed issues with using bayonets as melee weapons
- Fixed issues with the Type 30 Bayonet.
- Fixed reloading for AI
- Fixed issues with sandbag particles now showing up.
- Fixed issues with the Aimpoint Comp T2/M2
- Fixed issues with the MVP Viewport
- Fixed issues with HK53A2 anims
- Fixed issues with changing squad layouts on Standard
- Added a missing piece to wind on Emerald Forest.
- Fixed issues with certain trees not blowing on various maps
- Fixed issues with faces
- Fixed placement issues with the HK32.
- Fixed issues with localization on most corresponding UI elements.
- Fixed the Bombard order
- Fixed idle anims not working
- Fixed character shadows
- Fixed FOV issues with MSG3, MSG90 and MSG90A1

## Removed

- Replaced the old topbar
- Overhauled the sheathing system (replaced the old one)
- Replaced the older version of Oil Rig Arena with the newer version.
- Removed unnecessary spawns in standard.
- Unlock snackbar replaced with proper screen
- Replaced the SMW-70L with the RSA-85
- Removed the spring function on the HK416 due to it being short stroke piston