---
layout: post
title: "Roots Block II Changelog (#19)"
author: "Aerodos12"
categories: changelogs
tags: [changelogs]
update_type: "changelog"
---

The Second Block updated has ended. Here are the things we've done for sure in this update.

# Changelog 0.8.7

## Added
- New Item: M1928
- New Item: AK-56
- Reinstated the AKM
- Reinstated the Uzi
- New Item: GS-10
- New Item: AWM-F
- New Lifeline Variant: Helo Wars
- New War Trophy: SG830
- Added Playstation Sprites
- New Unit: Naval Infantry
- New Item: M72 LAW
- Reinstated the M1911 platform
- Added new whizzing sounds
- New Weapon: HK34
- New Weapon: L1A1 SLR
- New Weapon: M72A3
- Reinstated the RPK
- Added proper sounds for distant shots
- New Weapon: AKMS
- New Weapon: AK-103
- New Weapon: AK-104

## Changed
- Weapons are now allocated via a single module to AI
- Emerald Forest [Winter] now available in the server creation tool (Main Menu).
- Renovated La Petite Carentan
- Marksmen can now use DMRs
- Overhauled order system in Lifeline.
- Shell Image now active for tank gunners
- Tanks now burst into flames when severely damaged
- Helicopters can now land safely when stabilized
- Telagan theme is now Monarchies
- M60 a& M60E3 now gripped more forward
- Renovated Oil Rig Arena
- Cache Destroyer re-enabled
- Squads will not be chosen if the mode doesn't match up with the given traits
- Upgraded Standard II
- Updated Xbox One Sprites
- Updated PC Sprites
- Updated G36A2 (Picatinny rail)
- Updated Rodskan Sea
- Lights from explosions now fade
- Updated Topbar UI in response to recent Roblox UI updated
- Improved sound design on **ALL** Grenades
- Overhauled item framework
- M18 is now thrown underhand
- AN-M8 is now thrown underhand
- M84 is now thrown underhand
- Updated HK53 with proper fire sound
- Updated HK32 reload animation.
- Upgraded multiple weapon sounds for distant shots


## Fixed
- Fixed an issue with the RSV-94 tank turret
- Fixed issues with the outfits in the AT-72 and FS-64 factions.
- Fixed issues with the bayonets
- Fixed issue with weapon sway while moving
- Fixed a spawn issue with Emerald Forest
- Fixed scoping issues with the AW snipers
- Fixed shell ejection issues with the AW snipers
- Fixed GL reloading
- Fixed multiple issues with grenade launchers
- Fixed issues with the FS2000 Barrel.
- Fixed issues with the medic's defense
- Fixed issues with the attachment bipods.
- Fixed a fire mode glitch involving angles.
- Fixed aim issues with the PSG1 and PSG1A1
- Fixed GL animations
- Fixed anchored grenade bug
- Fixed settings back button
- Improved "Take Cover" order.
- Patched sheathing by removing old system
- Fixed issues with the mobile team chooser
- Fixed issues with multiple weapons (poses)
- Fixed issues with Artic Warfare recoil


## Removed
- Removed ALL irrelevant squad layouts
- Removed Unneccessary orders
- Removed Menu Scoreboard
- Replaced old chat system
